Added option to add and update ExternalIdentifier in company endpoints (#387)
MewsSystems/gitbook-connector-api: operations/companies.md

| `Department` | string | optional | The internal segmentation of a company, e.g. sales department. |
| `DunsNumber` | string | optional | The Dun & Bradstreet unique 9-digit DUNS number. |
| `CreditRating` | [Credit rating](#credit-rating) | optional | Credit rating to define creditworthiness of the company. |

> | `ExternalIdentifier` | string | optional, max 255 characters | Identifier of the company from external system. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `ExternalIdentifier` | string | optional, max 255 characters | Portfolio-level company identifier, chosen by the user for the purposes of portfolio management; called Company Key in Mews Operations. |
```

| `Department` | string | optional | The internal segmentation of a company, e.g. sales department. |
| `DunsNumber` | string | optional | The Dun & Bradstreet unique 9-digit DUNS number. |
| `CreditRating` | [Credit rating](#credit-rating) | optional | Credit rating to define creditworthiness of the company. |

> | `ExternalIdentifier` | string | optional, max 255 characters | Portfolio-level company identifier, chosen by the user for the purposes of portfolio management; called Company Key in Mews Operations. |

Reviewer: @vitasamek I had to speak to a number of people to find out the real meaning of External Identifier. What I learnt is that they were created by the Portfolio team specifically for the purpose of portfolio management, in order to link together entities at the portfolio level. The name 'external identifier' comes from the fact that they are not internally-generated IDs but IDs provided by the user. They are exposed through the UI, where the UX content writers have proposed they are called, for example, 'Company Key' not 'External Identifier'. I presume a property could use the field to store any value, but that is not its intended purpose, as I understand it.

> | `ExternalIdentifier` | string | optional, max 255 characters | Portfolio-level company identifier, chosen by the user for the purposes of portfolio management; called Company Key in Mews Operations. |

Reviewer 2: @MikeAdamsMews We are the owner of the contract. No other team should dictate us how it should be named in the API. This goes directly against our goal what we want to have it in API.

| `Department` | [String update value](#string-update-value) | optional | The internal segmentation of a company, e.g. sales department. |
| `DunsNumber` | [String update value](#string-update-value) | optional | The Dun & Bradstreet unique 9-digit DUNS number. |
| `CreditRating` | [Credit rating update value](#credit-rating-update-value) | optional | Credit rating to define creditworthiness of the company. |

> | `ExternalIdentifier` | string | [String update value](#string-update-value) | optional | Identifier of the company from external system. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `ExternalIdentifier` | string | [String update value](#string-update-value) | optional | Portfolio-level company identifier, chosen by the user for the purposes of portfolio management; called Company Key in Mews Operations. |
```

> 

Reviewer 3: Remove unnecessary empty line

```suggestion
```
